External Fingerprint Storage project Phase-3 updates (#3646)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/blog/2020/08/2020-08-15-external-fingerprint-storage-phase-3.adoc

---
layout: post

> title: "External Fingerprint Storage Phase-3 Updates"

Reviewer: Would it make sense to rename it to Introducing the PostgreSQL Fingerprint Storage Plugin" or so?"

Reviewer 2: You can have it both ways: 
`"External Fingerprint Storage Phase-3 Update: Introducing the PostgreSQL Fingerprint Storage Plugin"`

tags:
- plugins
- fingerprint
- cloud-native
- external-storage
- developer
- PostgreSQL
- gsoc
- gsoc2020
author: stellargo
opengraph:
  image: /images/post-images/2020/08-external-fingerprint-storage-phase-3/opengraph.png
---

The final phase for the link:/projects/gsoc/2020/projects/external-fingerprint-storage/[External Fingerprint Storage

> Project] comes to an end, and as we finish off, we release one more fingerprint storage plugin:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Project] has come to an end and to finish off, we release one more fingerprint storage plugin:
```
